1)  I have asked several times to have Fine Jewelry at the top of the jewelry menu.  It still isn't.    
I think it would only make sense for me to have the ability to edit the menus myself so that this type of thing is not an issue in the future.  
I've always had the ability on Wordpress.

Notes :: In your last feedback the sub category "Fine Jewelry--Pixie Dust™, Satya, Energy Muse, Saraswati Sub Category" was not added.
Due to this reason this work was in pending.Now this sub category coming at top.



2)  The upload photos function on CMS pages still does not work.   Additionally, 
I would like to be able to upload videos on CMS pages and it appears that there is no function for this.    
These are basic functions on wordpress templates.

Notes :: As per the design there was not any photo features in CMS page So we have not implemented photo upload features in backend.
If you need photo upload features then let us confirm so that we will proceed.


3) Menu issues for CMS pages About our Psychic Readers and About our Massage Therapy pages do not show up anywhere on the site for people to see.
I had requested that they drop down from Psychic Readings and Massage Therapy Pages.   (Psychic Readings also needs an "s" at the end.)    
It seems that it would make sense for the template to allow me to add pages and to control the menu so that I don't continually have to ask.

I would prefer that the About our Psychic Readers and About our Massage Therapist pages be the primary with the dropdown being the pages that are currently titled 
Psychic Readers and Massage Therapy being Titled "Book Psychic Online" and "Book Massage Online"


Notes : In your last mail you have mentioned to keep Psychic Readings and Massage Therapy Pages under About us menu.
So accordingly we have kept these menus under About us.

Now as per this feedback , Again we have changed About our Psychic Readers and About our Massage Therapy pages under 
"Book Psychic Online" and "Book Massage Online" respectively.Please check.


    
4) I had also asked that the book online functions have the ability for me to go in and block out times that are already booked.

  

5)  I also asked about the calendar or drop-down of dates rather than the blank space for the booking.
Notes: In the Psychic Readings and Massage Therapy booking page there is already a calender box for booking.What you exactly want please mention in more details.


6) Still need a description space on the front of the home page.
Note : Which description do tou want to kepp on home pahe not able to understand.Need more details.

7)  Why is there no search box for the site on the home page?
Notes : In the approved design , there was not any search box on home page.


Following typo issues are ficed.Please check.

8) Smaller issues:   
1) Typo...there needs to be a space between Read and More on the Read More button on the event page.
2) Contact Us page...I had sent you artwork to change the art on that page and it's still the same.   
3)  Contact Us page...Open 7 days a week should be a separate line from Monday through Friday...
4)   Contact Us page...Need separate lines for..
Pixie Dust Metaphysical Boutique
1476 Main Street
Sarasota, FL 34236
5)  Psychic Reading Page...typo on headline Psychic spelled "Psysich"
