-> Login into the admin panel -> Manage Events.Here we have given the facility of add/edit/delete 
events.

-> In the frontend we have integrated Events listing & Events Details


-> Go to the admin panel -> Manage CMS Pages.
Here edit your Psychic Reading & Massage Therapy content.

-> Accoringly in the frontend we have displayed these two menus content under "About Us" menu.


-> Given contact number also changed.



Hello Suresh,

2)  The upload photos function on CMS pages still does not work.   Additionally, 
I would like to be able to upload videos on CMS pages and it appears that there is no function for this.
These are basic functions on wordpress templates.

Notes :: As per the approved design, there was no photo upload features in CMS page, 
because of which we have not implemented photo upload features in back end. If you need photo upload features then we will add it.
*Yes this needs to be done.The actual approval that I gave was for the front page and I thought that it was approval for a mock-up rather than end design.

CMS Page Photo upload - 
Time :- 1 day

4) I had also asked that the book online functions have the ability for me to go in and block out times that are already booked.
Notes :: The blocked time slots can't be booked again. The user can't book a blocked time slot. Please clarify if you have any questions. If you want to block slots from your end then we have to work on that.
* People come into the store to book or they call the store.   I must have the ability to block times so that online users don't book a time that is already taken.     Also, will I get a notification when someone books online?


Time :- 4-5 days

6) Still need a description space on the front of the home page.
Note :: We will design it today. Please provide us the content for the description.
Welcome to Pixie Dust Metaphysical Boutique!
Sarasota’s unique gifts, psychic readings, crystals, spiritual jewelry, New Age items, massage and energetic treatments, and a lot of whimsy in west Florida
Our metaphysical store carries a variety of spiritual jewelry, crystals, New Age books, statues, Buddhas, fairies, mermaids, runes, pagan and Wiccan supplies, Sarasota’s widest variety of tarot and oracle card decks and much more!  We also offer therapeutic massage, sound bath treatments, Reiki treatments, chakra clearing and other energetic healing services.  Visit us in person at our Main Street location downtown Sarasota, Florida, or check out our online store to shop for the best jewelry, incense, magical statues, and everything else New Age.
We have psychic readers in our Sarasota store every week to answer your questions.  Call us to schedule your intuitive readings!  Walk ins are always welcome
We also organize a variety of New Age events, psychic readings and metaphysical workshops with the best healers and psychic readers from Sarasota and surrounding communities in Florida.    Look at our Events page for listings of metaphysical events.


OK, 

Time : .5 days


7)  Why is there no search box for the site on the home page?
Notes : In the approved design, there was no search box on home page. If you wish we can add the search box.
*Adding a search box to the front page would be great.   I would prefer that it be just one box at the top right hand of the page (either next to or under the shopping bag, whichever looks better.)    I had just assumed that it would be there.  Thank you.

Query : What you will search from the search box?

Time : 1 days


3) Menu issues for CMS pages About our Psychic Readers and About our Massage Therapy pages do not show up anywhere on the site for people to see.
I had requested that they drop down from Psychic Readings and Massage Therapy Pages.   (Psychic Readings also needs an "s" at the end.)    
It seems that it would make sense for the template to allow me to add pages and to control the menu so that I don't continually have to ask.

I would prefer that the About our Psychic Readers and About our Massage Therapist pages be the primary with the dropdown being the pages that are currently titled  Psychic Readers and Massage Therapy being Titled "Book Psychic Online" and "Book Massage Online"

Notes :: In your last mail you have mentioned to keep Psychic Readings and Massage Therapy Pages under About us menu. So accordingly we have kept these menus under About us.

Now as per this feedback , Again we have changed About our Psychic Readers and About our Massage Therapy pages under  "Book Psychic Online" and "Book Massage Online" respectively. Please check.

*That was my error.   I apologize.   Thank you and I'm sorry for causing the extra trouble.

  
5)  I also asked about the calendar or drop-down of dates rather than the blank space for the booking.

Notes:: In the Psychic Readings and Massage Therapy booking page, there is already a calendar box for booking. 
Kindly let us know in which page exactly you want us to add the calendar or drop down of dates. we will add.

*I realize that there's a space.   However, it makes booking more difficult and more prone to error so I would prefer to have a clickable calendar on 
both Psychic Readings and Massage Therapy

OK , We will do it.




Following typo issues are fixed.Please check.

8) Smaller issues:   
1) Typo...there needs to be a space between Read and More on the Read More button on the event page.
2) Contact Us page...I had sent you artwork to change the art on that page and it's still the same.   
3)  Contact Us page...Open 7 days a week should be a separate line from Monday through Friday...
4)   Contact Us page...Need separate lines for..
Pixie Dust Metaphysical Boutique
1476 Main Street
Sarasota, FL 34236
5)  Psychic Reading Page...typo on headline Psychic spelled "Psychic"

That's great!    Thank you!   Now if you can please get that artwork changed, I'd appreciate it.   We are very NOT-corporate so the art just doesn't fit our image.



Just a couple more things...

1) On the bottom menu on all pages, under contact details, some of the html script seems to be showing.

2) The booking page for psychic readings doesn't work.   
It gives an error message saying "Please select other than current time" no matter when you try to book


3)  On both book psychic and book massage pages, Could you add in a message at the bottom of the page saying:

You must create an account and be logged in to book online.


4)  I think I asked this in a previous email but ...when someone books online will I get a notification via em


