There are  problems with the upload video function. It will only take mp4 format and we are all mac users so the majority of our videos are all .mov.  
Need to have that option.When I tried to upload a couple of other videos in mp4, I received an error message that my file was too big.It's only a 2 minute video-- need to be able to upload videos of at least this size.   

Note : Now we allowed MOV format.Please check.One Vedio player can not run every vedio format.
As you have not mentioned any specific format so we  have restricted only MP4 format.
Regarding vedio upload error that was the server upload restriction issue.Now we have enabled upto 20 MB vedio in the server.



In addition, the blog only allows me to add one photo at a time.   I need to be able to upload MULTIPLE photos.  (Minimum three)    
All of my pagesshould allow that and I do not understand why this seems to be a difficult concept for your developers.  
I've been asking for this since the beginning.  
I should be able to go to the toolbar on the edit pages and click on the IMAGE icon and be able to put photos in wherever I want on a page.    
It's standard on any wordpress page, GoDaddy's site builder, etc.

Notes : To upload blog image click on image icon of Ckeditor & then look the given screen shots fo uploading photo.

Are the blog pages going to go on the page by newest first? They need to.
Notes : I have checked latest order in blogs page is working fine.

There is no SEO function for any of the new CMS pages.Also, as I've asked previously, I need to be able to edit the SEO on my home page.

Note : To set up seo go to admin panel -> Other Settings -> Seo Settings
I have checked Home page seo is working fine.You have also entered some key words & description for home page also.
All new CMS pages like About our psychic readers,About our massage therapists,Blogs,Symbols also available in the same home page seo setting section.

For blog details page seo setting go to admin panel -> Manage Other CMS Pages.

In addition, it's "About Symbols" not About Symbol so that needs changed and I'm annoyed that I can't just go in and fix it myself.
It would take me 2 seconds rather than to have to ask you to do it.

Note : I have changed it.Please check.	


-> Book Psychic Online & Book Massage Online page calender changed



Pixie PSW : $2y$10$Xk1W3fyml.2rvK5C47.4fOVQ7MLK1dh6rt7944Lzu5lY99WY9WFy2

Feedback Update : 8/4/2019

For security reasons we  have changed the admin login credentials.Admin login credentials details as follows.
Email - info@pixiedustsarasota.com
Password - admin@2019

-> .mov vedio file issue resolved.Your given mov vedio file uploaded in this url https://www.pixiedustsarasota.com/blogs/22-test-blog
-> date chosen issue resolved in mac system
-> Symbols on the top menu changed to Misc. and put a drop down to pages about Crystals,about symbols
-> Admin Password reset working fine but it takes time to send the reset password mail.
For your reference i have attached the screen of admin reset mail screenshot.
-> Photo uploading through Ckeditor for all old cms pages work  is in process.


Feedback Update 9/4/2019

-> Photo uploading through Ckeditor for all old CMS pages completed.
-> On the register form, the apartment number field mandatory condition removed
-> To change contact us email address login as admin -> Account Settings -> My Account.Here change the Contact Email.
-> Provide the artwork for contact us page.




